The Joe Rogan experience.
Well with, with Saturday night live was the first time of, uh, oh,
I also did, uh, I did a pilot.
I was out in LA to audition for one pilot. I didn't get,
and then a friend of mine, a comic said, I'm in this pilot, uh,
you want to come and audition with me for it. I'm already in it. And,
and I got that. Never it never added, it was terrible. And, um,
that, oh, that one was called the, uh, the adventures of, uh,
Wally brown and the, the, one of the actors, just the,
I recently, um, Peter Skylar. Oh.
The guy from, uh, Bo and buddies. Yeah. Yeah.
Wow. Wow. And so he was one of the stars of that. Wow.
And, but that was my first time of, I don't remember how much I got,
but getting a check and going, wow, this is actual money.
So was SNL before or after.
That? Uh, that was, uh, SNL was after. Yeah. And.
Was, you said SNL was terrible?
Uh, yeah, the seat. Well, the season I was on, uh,
like the original, well,
Lauren Michaels left and the old cast left. Oh really?
So people hated the show before it even got on the end.
Warren Michael's.
Left at one point in time. I didn't know that they.
Came back. Yeah. Uh, then they got,
they got in Dick Eversol was the next one. And, uh,
well Dick saw Dick Eversol was after my season.
My season was gene dominion. And,
but the idea back then of, uh,
Saturday night live with different cast members that just wasn't now
it's like the cast changes every five minutes. Right.
But back then, it was like, no,
we CA it was be like saying like in the middle of Beatle mania that,
uh, oh, we're getting four other guys to be the Beatles or,
or when friends was on were recast friends,
but just watch it same way. And so there were,
there were news stories and article quotes saying, how dare they,
this was sacri.
So that's funny. So you were like the second cast?
Uh, yeah, we were the second cast and, and it's like, and everybody left. Uh,
yeah. Yeah. All the original people were gone and it was like,
uh, see you, you don't wanna be the replacement.
You wanna be the replacement of the replacement.
Cause then you get one guy that's the sacrificial lamb that they
throw onto the fire. And then next it's like, oh,
well it's better than that other guy. Yeah, yeah.
Right. You then you come in after you. Yeah.
And then you could actually be accepted. Yeah. Slightly. God.
Did you enjoy the, like the process at all? No.
Not really. And I, I was, uh, nothing new.
I was, is weird. <laugh> <laugh>
um, when I was auditioning,
there were a few auditions,
some at a comedy club,
others in their office and it would be like lots of people there.
And I would hear, you know, other people who auditioned, who would say, oh,
they were so hateful of everybody else who was against them in their,
and I remember just out of weirdness,
not courage out of weirdness. I,
I didn't take auditioning for Saturday night,
live as something important.
I don't know why I just didn't and I would go there and do bits and
everything. And when I was on it,
I didn't feel like I, well, I mean,
there was a reason I didn't feel like a star there cuz everyone was throw to
shreds in the press. But, and then when I got fired from
I, you know, thought, okay, oh,
the way I got fired from Saturday night live there used to be, uh,
a table there that they would throw fan letters.
One that was such thing as fan letters. Now it's, you know,
who writes a fan letter anymore? It, uh, you know,
email and stuff. Uh, and that they,
so I was waiting, they had fired, uh, the producer
and uh, Dick Eversol came in. He said, all right, well,
we're just gonna make changes here. And there nothing major, uh,
come in next week and uh, we'll discuss it.
And they were taking people in one by one and I'm waiting there and killing
time. I see a,
a girl writes a fan letter to me from like Omaha,
whatever. And I open it up before I even get into the office.
I opened the letter and it starts off dear Gilbert.
I'm so sorry about what happened to you.
So I found out from a fan letter from some, uh,
15 year old girl, how did she find out? Yeah, I don't know. But she, maybe she.
Saw coming. Yeah.
<Laugh>.
She started it after the first episode. Oh, the writings on the wall.
Yeah. <laugh>.
Yeah, this guy sucks.
Was it the same kind of environ?
Cause the thing abouts live that I keep hearing from former cast members is that
it was like a dog eat dog world over there.
And people would be backstabbing people and stealing their,
their ideas for sketches and yeah, it was Jim brewer had a horrible time there.
Yeah.
I remember.
Well I remember like I didn't like the writers and the writers hated me.
And so one time to prove it, how much they hated me.
They wrote a funeral sketch where I was the dead body.
So I just had to lie there in the coffin.
That's it? Yeah. Wow. Just to you. Yeah.
Yeah. That it, the, the environment Phil Hartman said the same thing.
He said the environment over there was just toxic.
Like everybody was like at each other's throats and just wasn't fun.
They were always like just hamstring each other. Yeah.
Always trying to each other over and ruin each other's sketches.
Not laughing at each other's sketches when laying 'em out. That kind of thing.
Yeah. That there was like,
like a lot of politics over there and you had to learn the politics.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> he hated it. So did Jim brewer hated? Yeah. I.
I think, yeah, I didn't have a great time there at all.
So those catch shows are just so different than stand up. Yeah.
Watch the entire episode for free. Only on Spotify.